Good morning everyone....

The thing I am going to share today....I wouldnt call this as news....but it was an article in todays newspaper that attracted me.

so im here to share the information ive gathered about Girish Mathrubootham, who is idolised by the startup world in India.

He was born and brought up in trichy and started out his career as an engineer. He worked in zoho and had a comfortable job.But in 2010, he decided to quit his job and try something new and build his own startup.

Today he is a superstar for every SaaS startup founder in india and he has brought in the x factor into the business to business software industry at a time when e-commerce founders are often called heroes of the indian startup ecosystem.

SaaS - Software as a service is a way of delivering applications over the Internet—as a service. Instead of installing and maintaining software, you simply access it via the Internet, freeing yourself from complex software and hardware management.

So what is so special about girish mathrubootham?
he realised 10 years ago that most software in the future are going to be cloud based and he started building his own SaaS startup called Fresh works. It was earlier known as freshdesk.

The Freshworks provides SaaS platform that enables small and medium-sized businesses to support customers through e-mail, phone, website, and social networks.

We all know that no startup success can be accomplished alone.
Girish has successfully created a talented team around his vision who execute all his big dreams with perfection.

Today, he has managed to create a 10 billion dollar + company in just 10 years which has been listed in NASDAQ which stands for National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations 
He has also inspired product builders to dream big and put the country on the global SaaS map.

He also continues to help Indian startup founders despite moving out of the country.

I felt it was important to share the success story of Girish as it would motivate us and give us a fresh start for the day
and it would be very relatable as he is from Tamil Nadu and has achieved great heights in his field.
The story of Girish teaches us many things
1. Anyone can achieve anything. its the effort and intent that matters.
2. Girish was a comfortable ZoHo employee before he built Freshworks. This shows us that we need to step out of our comfort zone and take risks to grow and develop ourselves.